# Meeting Transcription

  Meeting started: 5/1/2026, 1:29:46 PM
  Duration: 35 minutes
  Participants: Arda Atali, Yueheng Yuan

  [View original transcript](https://app.tactiq.io/api/2/u/m/r/gU4taNzJY3782lF1ybkw?o=txt)

    

  

  
    ## Highlights

    > 00:22 Arda Atali: Yuan. Okay. All right. I'll call you on. Nice to meet you on. Thank you for taking the time on Friday afternoon. Very nice to meet you. I don't know how much context to recruiters were able to give, but there is a role open on my team that I'm looking for hiring. And I believe you have already like interview that Google and a clear diet in committee and stuff. So we are trying to assess, you know, what your interests are, and whether if this role might be a good fit for you and vice versa, So maybe you can start us off it like a quick summary of like who you are and
> 05:46 Arda Atali: That network and we do this by utilizing a lot of like data, visualization, and data query tools, we slice and dice very large networking. The smaller segments to kind of look for pockets of anomalous traffic. And we develop and maintain signals that can help us locate that traffic. We develop and maintain sort of like measures or scores, or distributions of certain signals that gives us an idea of the quality of traffic and so on. And then as we find like anomalous, Microsoft traffic, we try to develop defenses that can help email date this traffic at scale and like, you might in the risk of like oversimplifying, like let's say we are working on video ads,
> 14:25 Arda Atali: We use a lot of different things, but they don't get to code a lot in like, a language, like C++, so, you wouldn't see very large design documents from them. But you would see 60 page long defense, launch documents that are almost like a PhD dissertation. Sometimes. So, we are a little different than the traditional Google Sv. That's something I always like to where I'm talking with in the prospect of filing because It is important that then is a good fit there. Like when people join and realize they are not coding and they want to code, they become upset. So yeah.
> 15:40 Arda Atali: Hmm. Yeah, could be I mean not just that. I think about this used to be a bigger problem in the past, but it has kind of reclined a little bit. we essentially look for What we look for, might depend on the music, like, in the competitor. Clicking exhausting each other's budget case. A It's about like How do you find traffic that? Seems to be anomalously clicking on the same type of things, where rapidly, but more importantly, like It's not
> 19:34 Arda Atali: But essentially, if you think about it, they only scream for things that they know about. So if you have a truly novel way of getting through security, you will like to succeed until somehow it is given away. Maybe it actually leads to a real issue like a security issue and they investigate and figure out how it
> 19:56 Arda Atali: went through the screening. And they now know, there is another thing that they need to screen for and they will start doing so. But, you know, as long as there are people who need to penetrate the security, they will think of new ways. And we try to also, just like, I guess the intelligence agencies does on these like, people with potentially bad intense. We try to predict risk as well, based
> 22:02 Yueheng Yuan: God, of course, I was pretty interested in the detection to production level, I would call. So essentially our goal is to prevent those
> 22:15 Yueheng Yuan: Our users to drain their budgets to those fake or or meaningful activities. And due to the amount of latency, like before, if we try to predict and block in the advanced and nobody lost at all. And during that if we say monster invoice,
> 27:44 Arda Atali: A lot of. Badness exists in apps, mobile apps. So as a like as bad actors just they just develop new apps publish them on Google Play Store and once the app starts getting installed they either like show a lot of ads or show hidden ads or route traffic, through them whatever like they can do a lot of things. Google play technically, when you submit an app, it goes through a human review or some
> 32:57 Arda Atali: Maybe that first project didn't touch. So that over time by doing more of these, you develop? Entire toolkit under your belt. The goal is to ramp you up to a stage where you

  ## Transcript

  00:00 Arda Atali: Hello. Hi, how are you doing?
00:06 Yueheng Yuan: Pretty good since that's a Friday and nearly the end of Friday.
00:08 Arda Atali: Yeah, yeah, happy for Friday as well. Nice to meet you. I'm Arda. Do you go by Yasha?
00:18 Yueheng Yuan: I prefer go with my last name, Yuan.
00:22 Arda Atali: Yuan. Okay. All right. I'll call you on. Nice to meet you on. Thank you for taking the time on Friday afternoon. Very nice to meet you. I don't know how much context to recruiters were able to give, but there is a role open on my team that I'm looking for hiring. And I believe you have already like interview that Google and a clear diet in committee and stuff. So we are trying to assess, you know, what your interests are, and whether if this role might be a good fit for you and vice versa, So maybe you can start us off it like a quick summary of like who you are and
01:00 Arda Atali: what you're looking for and then I can take over and describe the team and roll a little bit to you and we can chat about things.
01:08 Yueheng Yuan: Well, sure. So Again, Arda. Thank you for taking this time. For me, Yuan. And I'm just finished my salesmaster last December. I've spent the last couple of years focused on the backend system, as well as data intensive,
01:25 Arda Atali: Hmm.
01:26 Yueheng Yuan: engineering. So recently, I was working on like Database, Schema updates building the ingestion pipeline to migrates like solids of camp rockets into postsequa, sorry into postgrass as well as developing the API service. and before that, I also got the internship experience with building a full stack, feeling platform from scratch using the rack and Node.js during that time, I also spent Quite amount of effort to optimize the database, schema.
02:03 Arda Atali: Got it, that's cool. Yeah, thank you for that. And Let me also maybe go through this team a little bit. So we are part of larger team called at Spam External. We are known as a traffic quality but essentially, you know, Google ads exists and it's very large and it makes it a lot of revenue for Google. And so on, we exist within this, as ecosystem as a counterfactual almost there.
02:38 Arda Atali: We try to make sure whatever money advertisers are spending like giving Google to show their goods. Gets. Spent to show it to real users with genuine interest in them. So, for that mission, we basically find an invalidate traffic that we didn't. We don't think it was real users or the user was actually intending to click or, you know, view of these ads. So in a way, if our team doesn't exist in the short term, Google ads would make more money but we exist for the long term value of this, like long-term sustainability of this ecosystem, and to create a certain trust between our water advertisers and good publishers and the ads digital as ecosystem in general and it is a tough task. We are talking about one of the largest data sets in the world that keeps growing every day and we are looking for the needle in a haystack. Like Spam is play the prominence but compared to the overall volume of actual ads traffic. It is a small percentage and the interesting bit of the work is, We work against adversaries like bad actors who are equally hard working and smart and they try to come up with tactics to bypass what we do and then we try to come up with new tactics and stuff. It's kind of a Full-on Captain Mouse game and, you know, because of that reason it's never boring. There is always some new excitements around here but it's also tough job because you can never really say, okay, we succeed that this is done like next morning, there will be something else.
04:26 Arda Atali: Um our overall team, which actually is like a level over? A hundred people is responsible for defending entire ads, ecosystem, a Google ads, ecosystem, we have certain horizontal teams, that build infrastructures and platforms for either like, inside generation or actually for enforcement and so on. And these are then used by a bunch of sub teams that we refer to as verticals. These verticals are domain experts in one advertising area. For instance, there is a team for search ads. There's a team for video ads. There's a team for display ads, and so on.
05:10 Arda Atali: Um, the specific role is on more of the search ads team, which itself is like about 12 people right now, and such as team is essentially, they responsibilities becoming the complete experts in any type of search ads that goes on at Google developing and understanding of like, what normal user behavior looks like and it might be different between products. And then developing an eye for like finding invalid traffic or spam within.
05:46 Arda Atali: That network and we do this by utilizing a lot of like data, visualization, and data query tools, we slice and dice very large networking. The smaller segments to kind of look for pockets of anomalous traffic. And we develop and maintain signals that can help us locate that traffic. We develop and maintain sort of like measures or scores, or distributions of certain signals that gives us an idea of the quality of traffic and so on. And then as we find like anomalous, Microsoft traffic, we try to develop defenses that can help email date this traffic at scale and like, you might in the risk of like oversimplifying, like let's say we are working on video ads,
06:42 Arda Atali: but we are dealing with YouTube channels, YouTube videos and there is one signal like We use, which is A label on the incoming traffic. If it is coming from a VPN IP or a regular IP, right? So VPN usage by its own is not a crime, it's not the invalid you as well.
07:04 Yueheng Yuan: Are using a lot.
07:04 Arda Atali: But yeah. So but if a channel is suspicious receiving a real large percentage of their traffic only from VPN iPS that might cause a problem. Even that might not be full on like enough to say This is all spam but usually when such traffic happens it is to hide something. And other signals give it away as well. Like maybe the ratio of users skipping ads is much lower in compared to similar channels and so on, right? So we combine singles like this to define heuristics and so on. And but you let's say through your explorations you only found two three channels like this.
07:50 Arda Atali: Up there might be hundreds of thousands of channels like this. So you develop more like scaled defenses, who take that rule. Expand it over the entire network compute things, every day, compute scores and stuff. And there are then enforcement rules of anything over this threshold should be considered in well, traffic for instance, Our scope goes from very. Stupidly simple things like enforcing. The fact that if I click comes 24 hours later than the ad was shown, that cannot be valid like we need to call it an expired. Click for instance, to A very sophisticated botnet operating like a crime, ring generating websites and hiding them and dynamic code injections this. And that's through multiple layers of, like, comment control centers, whatever. So it's a wide where I talk things like that.
08:53 Arda Atali: In in this team, we again focus on the search network and 99% of the search network. Really is the google.com search ads. well yeah we basically one interesting thing about this network is like everybody, everything else that we defend, there is an advertiser, a publisher and an end user who is visiting the publishers page and seeing the advertisers at In Google.com, the publisher is missing from that equation because Google itself is the publisher. And in all the other networks is usual, the publisher who is the bad actors. They are trying to their, their trying to inflate their earnings. Whereas in the Google case, there are various different abuse vectors that we deal with a few of them is like scraping crawling and so on a very interesting one to me always is something we call competitive clicking where advertisers click on each other's ads to exhaust each other's advertising budgets so that only there at show, they eliminate competition like this and they do this as a crazy amount of volume like we, I think so. Anyways this. Yeah it's a space that there is never a long moment. A lot of weird things like this happen. That being said the engineers on this team, the vertical teams in general, not just the search vertical, they it's super like, Traditional Google Svs. Basically, like a traditional Google Sv is maybe a little bit more like, either front end or backhand heavy. And I, There are some generalists as well and so on, but the engineers on these teams are almost like half engineers and half data scientists. In some sense, they do, they don't
10:46 Yueheng Yuan: No, lovely.
10:47 Arda Atali: really spend a lot of time coding and you would hardly see them coding in a language like c++ or Java. They don't necessarily build any like, microservices or large system designs and things like that. They do a lot of, I think, the first part of their workflow involves a lot of sequels they again, like you have to write very efficient queries, that can help you find anomalous pockets of traffic, or a very large set of data in clay with race.
11:20 Arda Atali: Lots of different pieces of data to join on the fly and making it performance and so on. And they you
11:27 Yueheng Yuan: Well, even, sorry, I just, you know, given the amount of traffic you are dealing
11:29 Arda Atali: Yeah, go ahead.
11:32 Yueheng Yuan: with it. Totally makes sense.
11:34 Arda Atali: Ahead. Yeah. Yeah, it's really different eye-opening scale. Essentially, then you do a lot of like, also signal building, like How can you capture something as a signal? That can really signal you? Something is going on, There is a lot of this like How can I I can look at the pocket of traffic and through a lot of deep analysis, I can tell if it should be considered invalid or not. But that is not a very scalable thing. I need to be able to measure qualitative performance of that traffic, so that it can easily tell me if it is spam or not and so on. So we do a lot of like scores like that. And so on to give you an idea, we track things like, How well is this traffic converting and we overall know for a large amount of organic traffic. This is the rate we should be expecting. So if you find pockets of traffic that is either much higher or much lower than that, that usual tells you something is off.
12:36 Arda Atali: For instance, so you do those type of things as scale and A lot of times, you can see something and do something about it by just like creating a rule a heuristic that say, anything about this threshold should be considered invalid. But this is the interesting point about like working against adversaries because in any other job, that would mean like, okay, you did. Well, you are done in our line of job, you do that. You did fine but if you are cutting off the spammers benefit, They're not gonna keep doing it. They will move to something else. So what you launch, often gets eradicated in a couple weeks and you have to go find the next thing. So,
13:23 Yueheng Yuan: That's so only a couple of weeks.
13:26 Arda Atali: Yeah, they evolved amazing. The first sometimes. It makes us scratch. Our heads off, like we have 200,000 employees and like one of the Most well built infrastructures in the world. How are these guys moving faster than us? Like Can we hired them, you know, so in that way like if you define things as a static rule they kind of Expired very quickly. So you need to use actual more like ML AI based methodologies to create self-adapting self-measuring self tuning defenses so that it can be a bit more hands-off and and that is the quite hard as well. But at that stage, they write a lot of phyton code and stuff dealing with you know, either Llms or agents or other like more traditional ML approaches, that's reinforcement learning graph, mining week, learning whatever.
14:25 Arda Atali: We use a lot of different things, but they don't get to code a lot in like, a language, like C++, so, you wouldn't see very large design documents from them. But you would see 60 page long defense, launch documents that are almost like a PhD dissertation. Sometimes. So, we are a little different than the traditional Google Sv. That's something I always like to where I'm talking with in the prospect of filing because It is important that then is a good fit there. Like when people join and realize they are not coding and they want to code, they become upset. So yeah.
15:04 Arda Atali: Let me pause that. I've been talking non-stop. Let's see if you have any
15:04 Yueheng Yuan: Well.
15:07 Arda Atali: questions or any comments on like what I have described.
15:13 Yueheng Yuan: Sure. So that was a very detailed and screwed and honest introduction.
15:19 Arda Atali: Yeah.
15:20 Yueheng Yuan: Let me try to do summarize. I do like When do some a little bit started of what kind of invalid traffic attack. This may come through, seems like the search at team is mostly focused on the boat's nets, which simulates the real user behavior one? Am I correct?
15:40 Arda Atali: Hmm. Yeah, could be I mean not just that. I think about this used to be a bigger problem in the past, but it has kind of reclined a little bit. we essentially look for What we look for, might depend on the music, like, in the competitor. Clicking exhausting each other's budget case. A It's about like How do you find traffic that? Seems to be anomalously clicking on the same type of things, where rapidly, but more importantly, like It's not
16:14 Arda Atali: so hard to catch, but if you are catching them two days after the fact, it's useless that you catch them cause the budget is exhausted and Advertiser wasn't able to show as that day. So, the challenge that is, for instance, how can we detect this immediately and invalidated real time? As it's happening? For instance, in other parts, it might be like, for scraping and overall, like, you know, crawlings greatness, all the thing that type of terrific used to hide behind butt nets, which we develop defenses against, they used to hide behind VPN which we created intelligence on. And now we are good at detecting VPN Nowadays. The trend the thing is hiding behind something called residential proxies Which are home networks. Often like you get these Two good to be true, like cheap devices connected, you know, home connected devices, and all they do is like relay, you know, their controls remotely bad traffic as well, or sometimes they penetrate your real devices, your modem or any connected device in your home or even your mobile phone or computer. Like a lot of the flashlight apps or weird, Like Lock screen apps on Google Play, Store are usually doing something that they're not supposed to do, or even VPN apps.
17:37 Arda Atali: Like you think you are getting a free VPN? Yes, the functionality is there but it's not just your traffic anymore. Like other traffic is wrong through that as well. So they can. Read a lot of traffic that would normally come from a isolated botnet or a VPN server instead behind a lot of real user devices and like mobile service provider iPS and stuff which normally would be considered organic so they hide behind like residential IP addresses and stuff to hide their traffic for instance. So yeah, it just changes and depends on what we are working on and what the Fashion is that year, changes very rapidly.
18:27 Yueheng Yuan: Also. Colors. Wow, I would be more careful. Next time I register a free with you. I think that's
18:36 Arda Atali: Yeah, just just don't do it. It's never worth it.
18:41 Yueheng Yuan: Okay, so
18:42 Arda Atali: Yeah.
18:43 Yueheng Yuan: Essentially like the Aspen team is work on like you detect the behavior after that happens and then try to block that. Am I correct? I'm just,
18:58 Arda Atali: Technically, yes, technically. Yes, but and I would say, most of what we do is like that but essentially I mean, that's an interesting question because like I just came out of a very long meeting about that. We strive to Prevent things from happening as well. But it's not always very easy like a interesting analogy might be TSA agents at the airport, right? Like they try to screen you for things and whatever is risky. They eliminate that from the crowd.
19:34 Arda Atali: But essentially, if you think about it, they only scream for things that they know about. So if you have a truly novel way of getting through security, you will like to succeed until somehow it is given away. Maybe it actually leads to a real issue like a security issue and they investigate and figure out how it
19:56 Arda Atali: went through the screening. And they now know, there is another thing that they need to screen for and they will start doing so. But, you know, as long as there are people who need to penetrate the security, they will think of new ways. And we try to also, just like, I guess the intelligence agencies does on these like, people with potentially bad intense. We try to predict risk as well, based
20:23 Arda Atali: on certain signals, being a bit off or something, not really conforming with the standards, we try to or maybe, like, it's a new publisher that we are seeing for the first time we don't trust them yet. In such cases, we try to either like limit the damage by not letting too many ads to show on the publisher, we will dynamically like, kept them and dynamically increase it or we might decide to show a certain type of ads that are less vulnerable to that risky traffic.
20:59 Arda Atali: so, there is that aspect of, you know, Decisions on not to show any ads on this incoming query because we think it's coming from a risky place. So that we don't let it happen and then filtrate, but instead we prevent it from happening. That type of thing, also exists and it is gaining more prominence. However, it is very hard to predict something before it happened. So I would say a lot of our actual dollar impact comes from like things that have already happened and we catch and marketers invalid.
21:36 Arda Atali: One thing to our benefit is adds on a monthly invoice cycle. So as an advertiser you basically spend a monthly budget, and at the end of the month, you get an invoice, this is what you need to pay. Similarly publishers after the month ends, they get a, you know, they get their funds of what they earned. So if you're able to catch within the months, you are usually fine. Yeah.
22:02 Yueheng Yuan: God, of course, I was pretty interested in the detection to production level, I would call. So essentially our goal is to prevent those
22:09 Arda Atali: but,
22:15 Yueheng Yuan: Our users to drain their budgets to those fake or or meaningful activities. And due to the amount of latency, like before, if we try to predict and block in the advanced and nobody lost at all. And during that if we say monster invoice,
22:36 Yueheng Yuan: we still say awesome. And then, if we wait until the monthly budget comes out,
22:36 Arda Atali: Yeah.
22:43 Yueheng Yuan: not too bad, they just lost one month but still Which is.
22:47 Arda Atali: I'm depends like they might Yeah, maybe they are not paying for email traffic, but at the same time, like if you think of a plumber or a locksmith, they lose a lot of opportunity because this is their main way of acquining new customers, right? So if they are not able to show any ads during the day or the month even if they don't essentially at the end like end up paying for that traffic, the fact that they weren't able to get any good. Traffic is also very harmful.
23:20 Arda Atali: all right, so yeah, it depends for a website that might not Be that big of a deal for a local services business. Like a small business like this version, you know locksmith appliance repair plumbing and so on it might cost them the entire business essentially.
23:43 Yueheng Yuan: God, that's And one quick question, so I'm just curious since this is, you know, half software have data engineer row and Booming like it seems. You are heavily reliant on the python and Python goes well with AI Agent pipeline. So have you applied any agent pipeline into your current work yet. Maybe try to predict those behaviors.
24:09 Arda Atali: Yeah, a lot and we use it in a lot of different ways. There are for instance, like nowadays, a lot of what we do is trying to build good agents and skills that help us capture some of the institutional knowledge because it's also very specialized field that one person on the team might know what the You know what? Let me give an example, they might be a expert on like you know understanding if this IP is a VPN or not right by looking at a bunch of different signals that can be things like the okay. The location is claiming to be this way this location but The round trip time between Google and that location cannot be that low or that high or whatever. So they develop base of certain expertise on identifying that.
25:06 Arda Atali: And you don't want to have a scenario where if that person leaves you are left without anything. Right. So we try to capture and also they will become a bottleneck. Like if it is only them who can make this connection then the hundred twenty percent team. Depends on them and like things don't move fast.
25:27 Yueheng Yuan: Exactly.
25:28 Arda Atali: Yeah, so we basically try to capture that institutional knowledge, as a skill, like we write agent skills that will that are good at doing that analysis or some other analysis, or some other connections where they wish. And then, that allows us to run things a scale, a little bit. Like, instead of having to ping someone to take a look at it, you can ask the agent to review this traffic, look for these abuse vectors and like these anomalies and it's able to perform that quite well. There are often very large data sets that we don't even know how to look at and Gemini does wonders and kind of organizing.
26:06 Arda Atali: That's categorizing things, providing reports to us or itself, finding the anomalies and stuff. As one example, for instance, in my network on search, there was a large amount of invalid traffic from a few South Asia countries. That went on for months and when we look at it we don't understand why it's happening. Like the keywords are the search terms are meaningless to us. We don't understand why they are doing it. It seems like we are catching all the traffic so they shouldn't be benefiting from this like me didn't understand why it was happening but it continued to happen for months.
26:47 Arda Atali: At the end, one of the engineers was fed everything into Gemini and asked Gemini to do a deep research into why this is happening. And it's like within 20 minutes at pinpointed that it was apparently, it wasn't about ads. It was a parasite SEO mechanism to trick Google Auto suggests into automatically completing to their websites names and stuff and they were just creating fake demand and things like This is not something we can figure out on our own unless someone already has seen that. So if there's novel, just like the TSA agent thing, like, sometimes Gemini does a much much better job at that and but then yeah, we other than AI in agents. Like we do a lot of Or even on the agents thing. Like we have things that take I'll give you another interesting example, just for fun.
27:44 Arda Atali: A lot of. Badness exists in apps, mobile apps. So as a like as bad actors just they just develop new apps publish them on Google Play Store and once the app starts getting installed they either like show a lot of ads or show hidden ads or route traffic, through them whatever like they can do a lot of things. Google play technically, when you submit an app, it goes through a human review or some
28:13 Arda Atali: pseudo raters sort of like, AI assistant review. However, these bad actors over the years, figured out how we test the apps. And they know, for instance, that most of our workforce lives, either in Sunnyvale in Bay Area or in Hyderabad in India. So they implement their apps to geofence at showing. So in those locations, when the F is being tested, they don't do they use a behavior. Then, another areas they might, or They know we are not gonna like, literally install the app and test it for days.
28:50 Arda Atali: So they instruct the app to not show anything in the first couple days and then they start showing and stuff, right? So they do a lot of these tactics. So now we are essentially we have a army of robots that over the year got so good at crawling. These apps that it is able to reach like level three or so in some games essentially, so the apps that are spread word wild in deployment, they test these sort of the robots spread they test these ads apps and takes screenshots and videos on periodic fashion and then we feed all those clinicals and videos in the Gemini to tell us if there are any policy violations for
29:40 Yueheng Yuan: oh,
29:40 Arda Atali: But yeah. Yeah, so it's a constant game of like trying to outsmart each other with that's,
29:47 Yueheng Yuan: I got this at both sized strategy is super smart, like a couple days of delay and then the other one just fit into Gemini.
29:55 Arda Atali: Yeah. Yeah. So yeah I definitely helps but so, does like sometimes just regular
29:56 Yueheng Yuan: You guys are posting, yes.
30:02 Arda Atali: ideas as well? Like one very big break through many. Many years ago when we were dealing with Click farms and stuff, was just someone talking to another person on the Android team. They realize they can actually figure out the Orientation, like the vertical orientation of a device. Right to say if it is like sitting straight or like this and they developed a signal to collect that information from the device. And we were very quickly, able to detect pockets of traffic where you have hundreds of devices sitting at the exact angle and fully charged all the time.
30:40 Arda Atali: So that is a click farm. Hey they have these special. Yeah. They they have these
30:43 Yueheng Yuan: Last part.
30:46 Arda Atali: special cabinets that they built to have all the devices on and everything is charged. Everything is sitting at the right angle and stuff anyway. So it's just continuously doing these type of things. Yeah.
30:59 Yueheng Yuan: Well, I gotta say, I'm first of all, I'm super interested. And I definitely like to enjoy the hub like, instead of being a pure software engineer and coding. All the day, I mean, everyone can do that. I did more enjoy like combining the data
31:14 Arda Atali: We?
31:17 Yueheng Yuan: engineer and do a more rewarding part. Besides, I have this, that's minor, so,
31:23 Arda Atali: Now. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's, that's great to hear. Thank you. Thank you. Glad to hear that. You are finding an interesting. Any other questions you might before we drop off? What can I answer for you? About the role myself Google in general.
31:50 Yueheng Yuan: I guess one quick question will be. I'm just wondering, like if I step into the team, how will you help the new employees help like ramp up or prepare on board and see?
32:03 Arda Atali: Yeah, I mean we have developed certain onboarding materials over the years and now we have a lot of good luck, AI agents that you can chat to learn some of that institution knowledge as well. But other than that we you know we pay you with the mentor, on the team who is usually someone who has recently went to the onboarding as well and knows kind of the latest tricks and stuff and then we try to find you a good starter project. For instance, that is not super time sensitive but meaningful that will take you through like a defense development journey and to end so that you can explore each step, one by one become family with it. And so on. And then, at the end of its your to get some impact under your name that they were able to build and develop and you know, launch this filter and so on. And then for the next project we try to find something else.
32:57 Arda Atali: Maybe that first project didn't touch. So that over time by doing more of these, you develop? Entire toolkit under your belt. The goal is to ramp you up to a stage where you
33:10 Arda Atali: are fully independent, you know, the entire toolkit. So when you have a problem, there are a lot of things that your service that you can pick and choose and apply, you are not blocked by lack of knowledge on there is something available for this and you also through like conducting traffic analysis and so on. You sort of become an expert to a degree in that domain, which we describe as like, developing an eye for spam. So that like when you start that start looking at data it becomes a bit more you know, intuitive for you to say, Okay something's off there that doesn't make sense. And so on that then leads you to become entirely independent where you are like ideating, looking at things digging through data, finding your own signals for developing your own scores and your own means of like How do I spot patterns? How do I understand incentives behind it? How do I like close those intenses and so on.
34:10 Arda Atali: Incentives, not intest. Yeah.
34:12 Yueheng Yuan: Sounds amazing. Well, thank you so much for extending, five more minutes with me.
34:15 Arda Atali: Thank you. On always, or is it all?
34:19 Yueheng Yuan: And the through explanation. Super interested and wish you a wonderful Friday.
34:22 Arda Atali: Right. Thank you, you too. Wishing you a great weekend too, and yeah. So essentially again, In at the disco repeating what the recruiters might have already told you. A just like, you might be like, doing fit calls for a few different teams. I'm also, you know, from a candidate pool, I'm talking to a bunch of different people to see, like, Who is the best fit for this troll. Walkways. So, going through those feet cause and stuff, and I will talk to the recruiters to kind of see.
34:58 Arda Atali: Give them a preference list and they will make all the necessary connections and stuff, which might take a little time to happen based on the scheduling of calls and stuff. But yeah, they will be in touch to follow up.
35:12 Yueheng Yuan: God, thank you for explanation.
35:13 Arda Atali: Alright. No problem. All right.
  